This story has been written by Doru, Gaboruu, Mihai and Razvan of team Ubb Frat Leaders.

You and your friends decide to become adventurers, so you go to the adventurers guild to register as a party.
Your party is called Ubb Frat Leaders, and is formed from 4 members.
Each member has a different class.
- Razvan is a tank.
- Doru is a swordsman.
- Mihai is a mage.
- Gaboruu is a spy.

You decide to start your story of your first mission.
Your party has Rank C.
You head to the quest board to choose a mission.
Your options are:
1. Defeat 10 Slimes.
- reward: 10 bronze coins
- difficulty: Rank C
- location: Slime Valley



You and your party head to the Slime Valley.
After 20 minutes, you arrive at the target location.
You and your party divide into 2 teams to kill slimes faster: Gaboruu and Doru, Mihai and Razvan.
After a while, you manage to defeat the 10 slimes and collect the slime essence to prove your completion.
While collecting the essence, Razvan spots a bunch of monsters in the distance.
Gaboruu, the spy, uses his stealth skill to scout around the area.
After coming back, he tells his team that 10 goblins are camping in the nearby area, protecting a treasure.
After a while, you decide to vote on your next action:
1. Retreat and claim the prize
2. Clear the camp and claim the treasure.

You choose clear the camp and claim the treasure.
You decide to fight the goblins.
Razvan defeat all goblins with one hand because he is the tank.
We collect the trasure. The trasure is gold coins.
1.You decide to go to casino with all the coins.
2.You deeper in the forst to find new treasures

Your RRUVE at the casino.
After a long night in the casino all gold coins are broke.
Now you are broke.

1.Go back to collect herbs you earn new money.
2.Rob the casino


2. You picked the herb collecting.

You go and collect herbs(it's not that deep)
As you do, a monster comes out of the ground and attacks your party.
Plant type. Some mean green killing machine.
What will you do:
1: Have Razvan tank the attack(it will hurt him)
2: Make Doru try to cut him(we are broke, his sword is made out of wood)

Razvan decides to tank the ambush hit.
He is hurt, but it is not fatal.
After that, from the shadows, Gaboruu uses his skills to ambush the monster alongside Doru and cut it down.
After defeating the monster, you check Razvan's condition.
Your party discusses what to do now.
1. Heal Razvan with Mihai's heal spell.
2. Go back to the infirmary to take good care of Razvan.